The Amazon Student team is seeking exceptional software engineers, who take great pride in both the technical and business contribution of their work. You will help build innovative, easy-to-use features across a number of mobile device platforms to create a personalize mobile experience for students by leveraging pesonalization, crowd sourcing and social media technologies.↵
Do you know that people spend more time browsing the Web on PCs than any other activity in desktop computing? Does the idea of a high impact role that touches hundreds of millions Windows customers daily excite you? If you are interested in working at the intersection of the Web and Windows, then come join one of the most strategic marketing teams at Microsoft facing one of the toughest competitive battlegrounds in tech.
Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities ? we're just getting started.
LinkedIn was built to help professionals achieve more in their careers, and every day millions of people use our products to make connections, discover opportunities, and gain insights. Our global reach means we get to make a direct impact on the world?s workforce in ways no other company can. We?re much more than a digital resume ? we transform lives through innovative products and technology.
The internet hasn?t solved recruiting. It hasn?t made the experience better for job seekers engaging with your companies, and it hasn?t made it more efficient for recruiters. Our belief is that ?assistive intelligence? can help do your job better, and our assistant Olivia is here to help.
This is an exciting time as you start embracing your independence. Before you venture into the wild ? let's look at options to help make sure you're prepared!
Google LLC is an American multinational technology company that specializes in Internet-related services and products. These include online advertising technologies, search, cloud computing, software, and hardware.
Uber Technologies Inc. is a global taxi technology company headquartered in San Francisco, California, United States, operating in 633 cities worldwide. It develops, markets and operates the Uber car transportation and food delivery mobile apps.